Hopping our way from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific in the red. That's as this
momentum unwind continues to hit risk
assets. Trades uh traders are also
weighing uh on sentiment with US
floating new software curbs on China.
>> Oil prices in focus. President Trump
announcing sanctions on major Russian
firms to pressure Vladimir Putin into a
ceasefire in Ukraine.
>> Plus, we hear exclusively from South
Korea's finance minister about talks
with the US on cell's $350 billion
investment pledge.
And I'm Steven Angel in Shanghai where
there's a pretty big gaggle of
executives, policy makers, and academics
gathering here for the annual fund
summit in Shanghai. Up next, we'll be
speaking with the former IMF chief
economist Olivia Blanchard and as well
as a Mundy Investment Institute head
Monica Defend.
[Music]
Welcome to the program. The Thursday
session, 28 minutes away from the
opening. Well, the approach to the open
is one where we're looking at risk
assets to the downside. Right now, NICK
is off about 1.3. We'll talk about the
end in a moment because we are seeing a
bit of a leg up in dollar yen the last
hour or so. Rate decision coming through
out of Soul. Bank of Korea, no change
there, 2 and a half%. We'll see what the
statement looks like this hour and the
briefing in the next hour. Uh, one part
of the equity market that it's doing
well, as you can see on your screens, is
oil. on the back of this pop. Flip the
page please. In oil prices gap higher at
the open, West Texas Brent and we are
looking likely as well when you look at
Shanghai crude in a moment likely going
to see that on the back of these
sanctions on two of Russia's biggest oil
companies out of the United States. The
dollar is catching a bid that's on the
back of the recent weakness we're seeing
in a Japanese currency. Also to note, in
case you missed that, inflation out of
the UK came in well below expectations.
in fact at the very lowest end of the
range there. Keep that in mind of course
as we go into the session as well
Thursday. Right. Uh the approach to the
open today is we are looking at
consolidation really across these equity
markets in greater China where you have
really the main benchmarks in Hong Kong
all closing below the 50-day moving
averages. We are called lower a quarter
1% and as we we were expecting there
Shanghai crude playing some catch up to
the spike in oil prices we are seeing
Thursday morning in the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah. question I think with the oil
story is are these sort of sanctions
enough to get the likes of the China,
the likes of likes of India to really
stop buying Russian crude. That
certainly is maybe the target around
these latest sort of moves. But yes, in
terms of your agenda here today, Dave
mentioned some of the technicals that
we're seeing. Shenzhen related stocks
are in focus here after the city did
unveil this three-year plan, right?
Whether it's strengthening the stock
market, they want to have more M&A as
well. So we're watching some of these
Shenzhen related stocks in particular
the game makers. There were some 159
domestic online games that were approved
uh in October as well. We are getting
closer to the end of this fourth plenum.
That readout is expected to come out
later on today as well. And as Steve
mentioned, he is going to be at the bun
summit. Plenty of guests throughout the
hours there. Earnings like Prada are
definitely in focus here today. And some
inflation numbers out of Hong Kong to
wrap up the day.
>> Yeah, all the lack of it. I think we're
1% uh inflation with similar read that
we got from the previous month. That's
the expectation there. Okay, let's get
you the latest on trade. A White House
official has confirmed that the Trump
White House is weighing curbs on
critical software sales to China. Let's
bring in Minman Lo, our China
correspondent in Shanghai for us this
morning. Minman, so reports are saying
that these could be similar to some of
the restrictions implemented against
Russia following the invasion of
Ukraine. What details do we know about
this?
>> That's right. And Reuters was the first
to report this. We know that the US had
imposed curbs on things like enterprise
solution software, design software, CRM
software as well and right now the White
House is confirming that they are
considering curbs on China. It's not too
clear how sweeping those curves would be
whether it would affect just uh directly
US uh software alone or whether there is
this extr territorial element to it uh
affecting foreign products that rely on
US software as well. And when asked
about this, Scott Besson said that
everything is on the table when it comes
to export controls, not just on
software, but also on engine parts, for
example. And the US will be coordinating
with other G7 nations on their strategy.
But right now we have also seen signs of
China preparing to retaliate as well
because we have seen how the Chinese
commerce ministry had been sending out
questionnaires to certain US chip
companies asking for sensitive
information about their sales data,
their profits and cost data and the
difference between those data in China
and their home countries as they try to
gather intelligence for anti-dumping
probes. And it shows you that China is
not likely to back down uh to any threat
of more punishment and uh export
controls from the US.
>> It certainly complicates how we look at
these trade talks as we countdown to
APE. Okay. When it comes to the EU
though, they're also preparing trade
options to counter these rare earth
controls from China. What measures are
they considering now?
>> Oh, that's a million-dollar question
that we still don't know because the EU
has been pretty uh tight lipped about
that. But we know from sources that are
they are looking to prepare a set of
measures by the end of the month in
order to give them more leverage in
negotiation. And this comes after both
sides failed to reach a resolution after
the EU trade chief had a talk with his
Chinese counterpart Wong Wenta. No
resolution was reached but the EU side
said they do not want to escalate. But
clearly it's casting a shadow over the
relations. And he says prompt action is
needed because you can see here China
clearly dominates the rare earth supply
chain and it has tremendous consequences
on many different sectors from batteries
to EVs uh to defense manufacturing
consumer electronics chips production as
well because it's needed in those
lithography machines. Uh and so uh
dialogue is ramping up. There is a
Chinese delegation that is expected to
head to Brussels for talks in a matter
of days. But the EU has said once again
that they are also going to coordinate
with other G7 allies to look at how to
diversify away from Chinese supplies.
>> All right, Mim, thank you. Our China
correspondent Mim Low joining us out of
Shanghai there. We're checking oil
prices as well. Given what we heard
overnight, the US announcing sanctions
on Russia's largest oil producers and we
did see that pop in oil, right? It was
4% gains. We're extending those gains
here this morning when it comes to Brent
as well as WTI. We're hovering around 60
for New York crude here this morning and
we're talking about these oil companies
Rosenef and Luke Oil. Really marks the
first time Trump has impose these sort
of direct costs over Russia on Russia
over the war as well. So this is the
strongest effort yet to pressure
Vladimir Putin there on really when it
comes to negotiating an end to the war
in Ukraine.
We canled the meeting with President
Putin. It just it didn't feel right to
me. It didn't feel like we were going to
get to the place we have to get. So, I
canceled it, but we'll do it in the
future.
>> Mr. President, can you tell us a little
bit about why you're elevating sanctions
against Russia right now? What's the
>> I just felt it was time. We've waited a
long time. I thought that we'd go long
before the Middle East. And Mark, as you
know, we did the Middle East plus seven.
So, we did seven different wars.
Let's Yeah, let's bring in our news desk
editor. Sorry, Von. Uh, Bas Pence is is
is with us right now. Bas the I mean,
it's we're 3 weeks into October. I think
it was just this month that President
Trump said something else as it pertains
to Russia. Why the this abrupt U-turn
here?
>> Well, this is a really big deal, David.
as we see from the market reaction and
as you said it is a U-turn and it
signals a potential uh turning point in
the in the president's approach towards
Russia and towards the war in Ukraine as
we have seen he has tried many different
approaches to try to bring Putin to the
negotiating table they spoke in uh in
Anchorage a few months ago they tried to
put together a meeting between Putin and
Zilinski they were trying to put
together another summit between Trump
and Putin
in Budapest in a few weeks. But none of
that has seemed to work and Russia has
not scaled back its attacks on Ukraine.
In fact, Russia has stepped up uh its uh
its assault on Ukraine. Uh so now it
looks like the president has run out of
patience and and he went a step further
than even the Biden administration
sanctioning these two very very big very
important Russian oil companies that
account for 50% of Russian oil exports
really hitting Russia where it hurts
when it comes to financing the war. So
we will see if that will bring Russia to
the table. Just in the past hour, uh, we
got news that there was a phone call
between Marco Rubio and Sergey Lavro.
So, it does look like the two sides are
talking. We're not sure what exactly
they were saying, but it is very telling
that so soon after the sanction
announcement, the phone call between the
two top diplomats already was taking
place.
>> Yeah, that's a good point, Balash. Uh,
you mentioned about these sanctions and
this is kind of the more direct sort of
hit we're seeing across some of these
Russian oil giants. uh how effective are
they going to be? Do you think it's
going to be enough to really stop the
likes of China and Russia uh from buying
Russian crude?
>> Well, where it's really going to hurt
probably is India Reliance, one of the
biggest Indian oil companies is one of
the major biggest buyers of Russian oil.
When it comes to China, the president
said that he does want to talk to
President Xi about their purchases of
Russian oil. It remains to be seen
whether they can really uh pressure
China. China has been buying Iranian oil
for example even though those are under
sanctions as well. So we're not really
sure how much leverage he might have uh
over China. But just the fact that
they're talking about this and just the
fact that they are uh methodically
cutting off uh markets for Russian oil
companies might have an effect and we
are seeing that these sanctions are
going further than ever before. We also
know that the EU is also putting
together another package that targets
Russian LNG. So that might be another
way uh to kind of uh cut down on the
financing effort for the Russian uh war
machine. Uh so these do add up. They
take a while to work. They take a while
to kind of have their effect. Uh but
it's certainly possible that they will
be a consideration for uh for the
Russian government.
>> Balash. Thank Ben there joining us with
the latest on all things oil. And coming
up we have Goldman Sachs joining us to
talk about when it comes to these
Chinese markets. They're calling for a
slower China bull market there. Cifu
from Goldman China portfolio strategist
joins us later on on what is going to
work. They say 30% upside for Chinese
stocks by end of 2027.
>> Yeah, patience is clearly key and
central to that call going into the open
today. 19 well 18 minutes away here in
Hong Kong. Feels like winter already.
Anyway, relatively speaking,
>> two tens of 1% downside. This is the
China show. Good morning.
Right, welcome back. So, we've gathered
some advice from Wall Street banks on
the outlook for China. Certainly, the
difference when you look at the short
and the longer term. Uh, BFA says stay
risk on. Morgan Stanley a few days ago
said they warning against buying uh the
dip. Let's wait for how the talks play
out. Numerous as risk reward no longer
makes sense. Goldman is looking further
down the road 30% upside through 20 uh
27. The bank says that the you know the
gain will be supported by promarket
policies, rising profits and also strong
money flows. Let's bring in Goldman
China portfolios. Right. Seeu is here
with us on set. Good morning. Nice to
see you.
>> Morning.
>> Why 2027? That seems awfully far away.
uh we try to predict a more midterm p
like earnings growth or market upside
okay
>> because we think now is kind of
different we recommend investor to think
more structurally rather than the
short-term trading opportunities over
the past two years a lot of time people
said China has opportunities versus more
trading opportunities last for a few
months or a quarter but this time we
recommend that investors think more
structurally because we think there were
some structural earnings growth drivers
including AI anti-evolution as well as
going global theme which tends to drive
earnings by multiple years. So that's
why we give a midterm like focus.
>> Yeah, I like the the way you mentioned
it. It's a default mindset now. So you
should just buy the dip any time there
is a bit of a pullback
>> that we're seeing. But when it comes to
trade tensions and we've seen flare-ups
like this before, the moment that we
talk about more export curves and you
know whether this meeting happens or
not, doesn't that actually add to more
volatility and maybe buy the dip might
not be the best sort of strategy moving
forward?
>> We do think it will create some
volatility, but that's also why we
recommend investors to buy the dips
because the volatility gives you the
chance to get on the train. Uh if we
think about the long term, the key
driver will still be earnings growth. So
it depends if we can still expect the
earnings growth to be there despite all
the tensions then that we can continue
be positive. So that's the story behind.
If we look at the going global which is
most related to the US China trade
tension we look at the past years
actually Chinese companies still managed
to grow their overseas revenue despite
all the tariff hacks. So that's why we
turns to be a little bit more bullish
because despite the tariff companies
still gain market share through their
competitiveness, price advantages as
well as their improving R&D intensity.
So they improve the quality and
innovation capability. So that's why we
are more positive in mid to long term.
We acknowledge there could be
volatility, there could be tensions,
reescalation, but we tend to think that
more temporarily. So in terms of the
types of companies that will likely
deliver those earnings in the economy
doesn't seem to be doing as well as
expected do I look at companies then
that have a large presence outside China
because of the earnings driver from
outside is that is that the thesis also
>> yeah yeah uh we do think uh people need
to be selective remain selective because
it's not the whole economy are growing
well it's in the selective pockets they
have more opportunities including the AI
including the company going global
including the company which have
anti-evolution efforts and make their
margin improving so these are the
pockets we recommend investor to focus
on rather than buying the whole markets
>> and you also mentioned about kind of
this $23 trillion of household deposits
right that have yet to be deployed
underway I guess
>> we haven't quite seen that just yet
right really it's been local funds it's
been foreign investors that have been
kind of participating and be the big
bigger driver of the of these markets so
far. So, is it just kind of the early
innings of this or or do you think
things how how do you think it's going
to play out in terms of the the retail
side of things?
>> Uh, it may take time. What we want to
say is there's great potential there.
But what may change their asset
allocation like decision it takes much
more time especially for household
people have their habits. So in the past
people allocate more than 50% in
property but it has been gradually
changing. If we look at a property share
at peak level it's more than 60%. Now
it's 54. So it's gradually declining but
it take multiple years. So that's what
we are expecting. Maybe the household
may gradually allocate maybe 1% or less
than 1% each year more in equities. It's
already a meaningful amount.
>> Yeah. So I actually we heard a very
interesting comment uh this week on the
shows from Eurasia and
>> really on the back of economic numbers
which I think apart from industrial
profits most were actually on the weaker
side in terms of the sort of the
cyclical reads right I want to play that
sound bite out I want to get your
reaction to that let's play it out guys
please
>> we have all seen the figures for the
first three quarters uh the GDP um the
manufacturing investment the export it's
surprise on the upside. Uh I wouldn't go
so far as to say these are fake data but
as indicators they have lost all meaning
for guiding business decisions.
>> So are what economic metrics are most
useful now in your view to formulate
strategy if if if at all currently
>> uh I think now we need to look more into
details because there's huge divergence
even within one sector. So uh if we look
at the past usually we just look at
topline uh GDP and IP PPI PIMI data.
These are the common measures we look at
but now even if we look at consumer
sector the retail sales data remains
weak but we still see a lot of bright
spots within the consumer sector. So now
we add more elements from our sector
analysts or industry data like if you
look at online retail sales and separate
them into different product categories
you can see the divergence. So that's um
give us more work but it's also more
interesting that you can see uh the
different structural change with within
the economy.
>> Okay. So you mentioned 30% upside from
maybe the next two years or so. Do you
even look at things as binary as a to
growth and value? I mean how do you look
at that or is it there's opportunities
in both?
>> We don't think ANH is a binary choice.
Uh because if we look at a sector
allocation uh we tends to think them as
a whole like if you want to invest in
internet definitely you have more
choices offshore and also high dividend
yield stocks we have more banks
insurance companies offshore which are
more attractive having higher dividend
yield. Uh so that's why we recommend
investors to think both and from more
structural perspective or sector
perspective rather than thinking just
from the market perspective and we do
think both market have their own reasons
for Assurers. We still expect retail
investor if they get more involved and a
policy this can be more supportive to
Ass. for offshore if the internet sector
earnings begin to normalize and also
global investor coming back then it may
benefit offshore more c
>> can I ask you we started off this you
know Goldman is advocating this paradigm
shift uh it's no longer a tactical
market 30% if you think about it 30%
2027 doesn't sound like a lot when you
get 30% a quarter
>> the investor base is so used to having
trading opportunities especially retail
how do you sell that idea to an investor
base that's gotten used to 30% returns
over a quarter and not not not two three
years.
>> Actually, we have different type of
investors. Uh currently, we definitely
want to talk more to the long-term
investors, the long funds. Uh they
haven't been back to China for a few
years. So, they got more interest this
year. So, this is an important pool that
we are talking about. But for short-term
investor like retail hedge funds, we we
think they still have the trading
opportunities despite a slow boom
market. We we also think there are some
trading opportunity. There could be
volatility. There could be huge return
divergence between different stock
sectors. So that may continue giving
them more of if they want to trade in
short term.
>> Sufu, thank you. China portfolio
strategist at Goldman Sachs joining us
here uh in Hong Kong. In terms of your
pre-market, this is what looking like
here right now. We talked about really
momentum being sapped right now across
the region here. We're seeing that a
little bit in the hang. We're down 63
points at the get- go. 850 futures a
third of down this morning. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Welcome back. Pre-markets are
yeah, nothing to see here. What else are
we looking at?
>> Uh yeah, you're seeing HS Tech slightly
to the downside here. So yeah, we are
losing a bit uh when it comes to risk
sentiment. Of course, we're getting
closer to that readout from the fourth
plenum. Maybe a bit of profit taking
there. We're getting closer to next
week, which is of course uh Trump and uh
dizzying.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then you have these kind
of latest when it comes to export curves
around, you know,
>> software
>> software and the like that really is
kind of weighing on overall sentiment
here today. In terms of stocks to watch,
we're still focusing on some of the
Tesla earnings and really the reaction
that we're going to see in Asia, right?
So, if you take a look at everything
from CLA lithium, some of these
suppliers, mixed reading there, but CL
uh there's a big move from UBS there. So
they raised their price target on
improving sales outlook uh by about 29%
each for the eight shares as well as the
Shenzhen listed shares as well. So there
you go. Not much reaction to that as
well though today. CL8 shares down
8/10en of 1%. You're watching the chart
show. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Even though we're not going to have a
lot of detailed policy but it it will
gives you sort of the direction like how
much emphasis they would put on onto
digital economy in terms of
contributions to GDP
>> going to the industrial policies or even
other policy fronts we need to see maybe
very interesting K micro themes number
one innovation that's a top top focus
for next five 10 years. And number two
here is about anti- evvolution
>> to revive the inflation and the
corporate profitability that would be
very important to rebalance the demand
supply in China. Number three, that's a
consumption policies which means linked
with the social welfare, social safety
net, investing in people, try to
rebalance China internally.
[Music]
Some of our guests there talking about
what they're expecting from this fourth
plenum that's due to conclude today as
well. That readout could come out later
on today as well. So that could be the
next catalyst here at a time when we are
not seeing that many uh in this market.
And you are seeing signs of maybe a bit
of fatigue, right? Maybe a bit of profit
taking leading up to the fourth plenum
to even APEC next week. So there you go.
We're down about a fifth of 1% on the
CSI 300 there as well. We're watching
oil prices very closely. Shanghai crude
continues to stay elevated there. were
up about 3 and a half% on the back of
what we saw overnight with the US
imposing sanctions on Russia's two
biggest oil companies and we're watching
CLA shares in particular. Yes, it's also
a Tesla supplier, but also when it came
to UBS raising its price target by
nearly 30% for the A&H shares really
when it comes to the encouraging
electrification trend that they're
seeing around heavy trucks also that
buzzword energy storage system battery
demand. So there you We're up about
4/10en of 1% for CL. Cabricon the other
side. Uh we are seeing it down about 1%
here. Chip stocks obviously in focus
just given what we heard from the US
there when it came to export curves when
it came to software and the like. So
certainly that's the one thing to watch
and maybe that's what is kind of sapping
the risk sentiment here at this moment
and why we're seeing momentum sort of
unwind continuing for another day. Hong
Kong's looking like this here right now.
We did see in the pre-market HST was on
offer. We're down about a half of 1%.
Seeing some marginal losses here when it
comes to Alibaba, 10 cent, MTOAN as
well. We did get some gaming approvals.
That's not really helping some of these
gaming stocks like 10-centent here uh
today. It's interesting to note that CL
8 shares though are down when the A
shares are up. So, a bit of a divergence
there here this morning. Uh in terms of
oil, we talked about the oil moves that
we're seeing. We're watching some of
these sort of energy players as well. So
unsurprisingly, you're seeing CEO and
Cyc are up and we're watching platinum
stocks as well. We saw prices really
jump and really echoing what we saw with
this recent squeeze in silver prices as
well. Uh but we're not seeing too much
there. But there you go. Zing mining
though is down 8/10en of 1% Dave.
>> Yeah. So I'm glad you mentioned
platinum. So platinum, gold, some of the
crypto plays, some of the big AI plays
have really been sort of the momentum
trades that have uh sort of petered out.
So interestingly when you look at I
think the point that when you look at
the open today just as a an example I'll
get to this in a moment right so it
seems like investors are heeding the
gospel coming out of Morgan Stanley
don't take a lot of risk don't buy the
dip uh not a lot of risk takingaking
ahead of uh the crucial talks next week
so where does that leave momentum right
so we've seen a lot of the winning
trades come off we were looking at this
same graphic this time yesterday which
had momentum as a factor underperforming
uh and same same well same graphic right
now but reset to Wednesday and as you
can see that's even done worse in the
overnight session how that's actually
come out and emerged in the Chinese
market context is that this this
consolidation in the benchmarks we
talked about how Hen index flip the page
hangs index Hen China um have all
consolidated and closed below the 50-day
moving average underscores this pivot
back to quality this pivot back to value
as you can see on your screen. So over
the past week or so, this has really
emerged as your outperformance and we'll
see likely will remain the case up until
we get more clarity on on these trade
conversations which goes every into
everything right external environment. I
would imagine this goes into monetary
policy decisions. We had one from the
bank of Korea earlier just now just in
terms underscoring the caution out
there.
>> Yeah, you know you have seen most
central banks here in this part of world
actually, you know, begin their cutting
cycles before the Fed did, right? And
you you heard from BI yesterday from
Indonesia. I mean there was another
pause or a pause after several cuts.
Bank of Korea also decided to hold this
time around and they really have been on
a pausing sort of uh stance here since
July after uh several cuts from the BOK
as well. We're getting that statement
coming out through in this meeting. They
want to maintain its rate cut stance
right now, but they will be adjusting
the timing and the pace of any further
cuts. What has been the sticking point
has been about housing, right? when you
talk about uh you know the housing
market rally that really threatens to
cause financial imbalances. It's been
driving up mortgage debt levels higher.
So that is a financial instability sort
of issue that the central bank is
focused on today. So they're monitoring
housing debt FX volatility and that
certainly is a little bit more doubbish.
The market is interpreting that
statement from the BOK. But the key
question from our economists is is this
the end of the rate cut cycle for the
BOK?
>> Yeah. and we'll need to wait and hear uh
for the briefing this time in the next
hour to really get a better sense of
what the the the mood is in in the room
there in the votes and everything else
because there's one
>> one meeting left I believe uh before uh
the BOK basically wraps up its monetary
policy agenda for for the year. Anyway,
we can table that for now, revisit that
later when the briefing begins in about
60 minutes or so. In the meantime, back
to the tees Tesla story. Tesla suppliers
coming up on your screens. Uh you have
third quarter profit plunging more than
expected. You have at least are pointing
to rising costs undercutting a record
quarter of deliveries. Now adjusted
earnings 50 cents a pop, 31% down from a
year ago. Missing estimates there sign
of pressure that automakers are facing
from shifting trade policies. All the
numbers on your screens for the
takeaways. Annabelle is here with us to
help us understand the the bigger
context here.
>> Yeah. Well, I think you can see from the
screen there some things were good. I
mean the revenue came in better than
expected. Margin as well was better than
expected. But there were clear downsides
in the numbers especially because this
was a period where you had the EV
subsidies that were ending in the US. So
there there was a big rush for people to
go out and buy their EVs as well. But in
terms of the actual numbers, it was that
40% in operating or that 40% drop in
operating profit that people were really
paying attention to because I mean at
least from the analyst perspective
because it was very unclear that the
earnings call kind of was quite
you know, talking about these future
initiatives like robo taxis, robots for
instance, but we didn't really get very
much clarity on exactly how Tesla is
planning to revive its core business.
But it does certainly tell you there's
this sort of lingering uncertainty what
the near-term growth prospects for the
business are and also that this is a
company that is not immune to the costs
of of rising tariffs and actually Tesla
is saying that during the latest period
it was a $400 million impact uh from the
from US tariffs. So you saw that I mean
very much reflected in after hours trade
because the stock was down. You're
seeing it again reflected in some of
these suppliers today that are a bit
under pressure
>> and it is going to be quite challenging
of course even though there were as I
said more uplifting parts of the call
like talking about Optimus for instance
which is their humanoid robots program
and they're putting these supply chains
in place now to hopefully bring it to
production by the end of next year and
that's that's exactly where at least
Elon Musk sees sees the business
heading.
>> Yeah. And you mentioned a little bit
more about its AI chip, right? AI5 and
and this partnership with Samsung in
Texas. What role do you think Samsung's
going to play in that now? Especially
with, you know, you know, Tesla has a
partnership with TSMC as well.
>> Tesla has a partnership with TSMC and
this is their this is their line of AI
chips. So, we we've seen them TSMC
making early iterations. Uh but we did
have some news reporting earlier this
year actually at Bloomberg which Elon
Musk confirmed that scoop on Twitter or
X but for the AI6 which is the next
generation but the AI5 is actually
something that Elon Musk sought to
clarify who's going to be making it and
he said that yes TSMC is going to take
part of it but Samsung's going to take
another portion as well. So, it tells
you that Samsung is actually managing to
to to build out and and step up its
production because, as you said, they've
got that plant in in Austin now in
Texas, and they're certainly keeping to
try or trying rather to to continue
building out their foundry business. But
yes, these are chips that that Tesla
relies on for their self-driving cars.
It's also technology that it's going to
be using or hopefully putting into its
lineup of Optimus robots as well.
>> The our the other story related to this
is pay. And you know the headline is
phrased our headline
>> a great headline
>> that he hijacks the earnings call with
his 1 trillion pay plan request.
>> Yeah. I think um what's the case?
>> Well, for from anyone's sort of
perspective, this was a pretty uh hoham
earnings call until the very end. Uh
Elon Musk decided to to really make the
case why investors should be approving
this this one or potentially $1 trillion
pay package. So the the vote on this is
coming up in November 6. So it's in a
couple of weeks from now. And Elon
Musk's point, he didn't really make it
so much on the compensation part. And it
is important to note as well that he's
got to really meet a lot of different
milestones to actually reach that $1
trillion mark. But at the same time,
>> when it comes to to how much ownership
he's going to have of the business, what
he's pushing for is is for a 25% stake.
Well, that's the amount of control that
he thinks is needed to give him
influence of over where the company goes
from here. And that was the point he was
making at the end of the earnings call
that he doesn't want to have this
influence from these other sort of
different investors in the business as
well trying to steer the direction of
the company. I mean he had the backing
of the CFO as well. He actually had the
last word the CFO but he essentially
said that this is a package that was put
together by the board committee and and
it did ensure as well that he won't get
these profits unless he makes makes
those substantial substantial returns.
But as I said that vote uh coming up in
a couple weeks from now. Yes, going to
be pretty key as well. Uh our Bloomberg
Tech uh Asia tech correspondent there,
Annabelle Jewelers with uh the breakdown
of those Tesla earnings. We have more
when it comes to Tesla here, you know,
whether it's pay package, whether it's
these new chips in the next hour. Deep
Water Asset Management's Gene Monster is
going to be joining us. He says, look,
it's not just a car company. We got to
look at other things in this in this
company here. And autonomy, he says, is
one of the big narratives.
>> Yep. Robo taxis, uh among many other
things. Uh right. Uh just to get you
through some of the other news that
we're following this morning. Um big
announcement coming out of Shenzhen.
Ivan talked about this earlier on. So
the tech hub is looking to strengthen
its stock market as part of this new
three-year plan. So local authorities uh
are saying that they will support
eligible enterprises seeking to list or
refinance in Hong Kong to make cross
regional M&A more efficient. And the
plan also calls for stronger cooperation
between Shenzhen's and Hong Kong's stock
exchanges. Now, Bloomberg has learned
that Chinese chipmaker Yangzi uh Memory
is considering an IPO in mainland China
at a valuation that could exceed $40
billion. Now, sources say the company
may seek a valuation of around $28
billion and is working with banks, CIC,
and CSE Financial separately. Changin
Memory Tech is also planning to go
public on shore. Well, coming up, we're
going to be live at the Bun Summit in
Shanghai speaking with the former IMF
chief economist Olivia Benchard. That's
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> I think the US has always underestimated
China's bargaining ships. We view uh in
the United States as
you know a relationship that's a one-way
dependency that China depends on us and
we don't depend on China. I've written
two books. I'm actually starting a third
on codependency where we both depend
equally on each other and I think China
is demonstrating uh the two-way nature
of this important economic uh and
security relationship.
>> First of all, I think wealth management
becomes a very important initiative for
DBS China and also for the group. Um I
think there is a permanent shift of the
wealth management industry in China. Uh
the high netw worth individuals are more
matured and uh they they look for safe
assets and diversification of asset
allocation.
>> Some of our guests there from the bun
summit in Shanghai this morning and of
course as that event is underway we're
bringing together of course policy
makers, academic leaders and senior
executives on the show as well. Let's
take you there right now where our chief
North Asia correspondent Stephen Engel
is standing by with our next guest. Hey
Steve.
>> Hey there Ivonne. Yes, we are here at
the Peninsula Hotel on the Pushi side of
the Hong Pu River at the Bun Summit.
It's held every year and brings together
uh those top policy makers and of course
academics and professors and economists
such as the distinguished one we have
here, Olivia Blanchard. Thank you so
much for joining us. MIT professor of
economics ammeritus, also a senior
fellow at the Peterson Institute and I
might add the former chief economist at
the IMF. Uh let's talk with what we just
heard uh Steven Roach and I talk about
and that is the USChina relationship
through the lens of what has been 6
months now, six plus months of Donald
Trump's tariff regime globally, but
particularly the focus is on China with
a Trump she possible summit coming up.
How do you see the impact six months on
now on the global economy?
>> So remember the tariffs are not only on
China.
>> Yes,
>> we're suffering from it in Europe and so
on. So is the tariff policy working in
the US? I think the answer is no. And
the idea of a tariff is if it works if
you succeed in getting the exporters to
decrease their price so that the post
tariff price is the same which case they
basically get less money. you get the
goods cheaper, you get you get fonts.
That's not that's just not happening. Uh
basically the exporters to the US have
continued with their old old prices. So
the post tariff price is higher. Now it
hasn't shown uh consumers because the
importers the distributors have taken
the hit and these are US importers, US
distributors. So their margins have been
reduced. Eventually they have to pass it
on. So we're basically just seeing a
delayed effect but in the end it will be
the US which is paying for the tariff.
>> Uh imports in to the uh to the US have
continued at exactly the same rate or
increased. Uh inflation is not showing
up yet much but it will uh so I think
the net effect is it's a loss and if I
may just add something this is the
shortrun effect. the long run effect of
destroying rules, not respecting rules,
killing trust, that's incredibly costly,
but doesn't show up in the quarterly
numbers, right? It will show up over the
next few years. Uh, but on that, I think
it's not working.
>> So, how does the spectre of a
stagflationary environment in the United
States look like? Uh, if the Fed already
pretty much pricing in a couple of cuts
the rest of this year, so they're
doubbish. Uh but the spectre of
inflation is still running well higher
than the Fed's target rate of 2%.
>> Yeah. So the US situation is half is the
tariff story. The other half and maybe
more than half is AI.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So the net result and Trump is
very lucky because I think the tariff
affectic part is not doing great. Not
doing terribly but not doing great. The
AI part is doing superbly. So the US
economy is fairly strong, right? As a
result, I think the pressure for
inflation to come down is very weak. Uh
so I don't think the Fed will cut rates
very much.
>> And the net impact on the global
economy, not just the US and China is
potentially even going further is the
disruption of supply chains like we saw
during the pandemic. That's a highly
inflationary environment as well.
>> Highly inflationary except that firms
seem to be quite able uh to readjust
faster than I thought they would. I
mean, if you look at China, you know,
its exports have continued to increase
despite the fact that the exports to the
US basically decreased. So, China as a
country has been able to reallocate
basically fairly quickly, find new
markets, right? Find re-rooting, find
all kinds of things. I think most firms
are fairly good at it. I mean there's no
question it's it's not good but it's not
you know the catastrophe that somebody
would have predicted. It's not as if
firms are completely unable to produce.
It's not co
>> right it's not but it is man-made
>> but it is not good. It is man-made. Well
co has some question as to whether it
was but this discussion
>> yes. So how much credence do you put
into the argument that this potential
meeting between she and Trump is I
wouldn't say the panacea of all their
ills but is important to find
stabilization in that relationship. The
markets have been wobbly, completely
volatile because of the uncertainty
going forward and there's this threat of
155 tar% tariffs by Trump on China. Yes,
it might be a bargaining tool leverage,
but still there's that spectre of even
higher. I'm not sure meetings make that
much of a difference. We've seen this in
the context of Ukraine and Putin, right?
>> Right. It is up, down, and so on. But I
think actions do. The fact that China
really has some leverage, I think, is
becoming fairly clear to Mr. Trump. So,
he's going to be more careful. There's
going to be uncertainty. I don't think
this meeting will solve it. Well, you
know, he got it goes up and then he he
wakes up, he puts another tariff and so
on. Can only help. I'm all in favor of
meetings. But thinking that meetings are
magic, I think, is an illusion with that
guy. It's just not going to happen. Let
me just add something. the uncertainty I
didn't mention but the uncertainty is
really having an effect on firms
decisions and so on and that's not going
to go away anytime soon and on that
front what's the view from Europe
obviously Europe is kind of caught
between as well being a legendary or
over time the ally of the United States
but also having to pick its fights as
well whether it's the flood of EVs into
the European Union from China uh the the
spiral downward of and the price
competitiveness of the Chinese products
but also now on rare earths they're
they're trying to find and strike a
response to China's actions on export
controls as well. So what's the view if
you can encapsulate from Europe?
>> I think Europe has the opportunity to be
the responsible
uh guy in in the room. So we don't want
to follow the US going against China. We
want to basically work with the rules as
they were. Maybe we modify them. I think
working with China is of the essence.
Now that doesn't mean it's easy. Uh
because China really wants to export to
the European Union in a way which makes
it very difficult for us to re but I
think sitting down this is one of these
meetings which might actually be useful
because I think there's still trust on
both sides. So, I hope that you all can
try and work together.
>> We'll see. Olivia, thanks so much. My
pleasure for your time here on the Brick
Television. All right, David, going to
send it back to you. Still more to come
from the Fun Summit here in Shanghai.
>> Yeah, there we go. Olivia Blanchard
there with Steve at the Peninsula uh in
Shanghai. Right. Coming up, we'll have
more of course conversations from the
White Hay,
I think. Yeah, there we go. Bun Summit
uh coming up with Steve later on as as
you can see on the screens Amundi is
joining us as well as former ECB
governor Jean Claude Tree. This is the
China show.
[Music]
All right, we're checking the Cosby here
this morning. So it looks like we've
erased quite a bit of losses there. Uh
we're slightly just lower now after what
we heard from the BOK. Uh it seems to be
some doubbish comments in that statement
here. We're expected to hear more in the
press briefing in the next hour. Uh a
lot of key questions, but they talk
about the concerns around housing prices
and FX. So that leads to maybe a bit
more of a doubbish lean from the BOK and
that's why maybe people are willing to
buy the dip, especially when it comes to
some of these chip stocks here today,
Dave.
>> Yeah, the fact that there are I guess
fronts highlighting the potential
negatives is almost massaging the
mindset of potential uh cuts coming
through. Uh I think the the statement in
fact when you look at the statement from
the last meeting not the one today I
think back in late August they said that
five out of the six were actually open
to a rate cut in the next 3 months. So
this meeting is part of next three
months. The next meeting the last one of
20 still falls within the 3-month window
for a possible cut before the end of the
year. We'll have to wait and see is the
point out of Bloomberg economics on how
and what they say in about 20 minutes
time when the briefing begins. So stay
tuned obviously uh for that one uh
coming through as well. Okay. Uh before
we wrap up the first hour, just a brief
look at these markets. Cash markets, 25
minutes of the cash market session.
PopMart is down about 7%. We're trying
to figure out the why, but I can tell
you this is really part of that cohort
of momentum getting squeezed. We're down
7% on PopMart. Zigin Mining is a gold
play obviously related to that very
theme we just pointed out there. So the
platinum play is not really coming out
in Zigjin and of course SMIC among other
things there as well.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSR half hour into the
session. Yeah, it's a bit chilly out
there. You're feeling that sort of chill
across these markets as well. Perhaps
it's a bit of momentum being sapped
here. Whether it's more export curves in
the US when it comes to software, you
have more sanctions on oil companies out
of Russia that certainly is leading to
risk appetite uh being sucked and faded
here this morning. So certainly that's
one thing to watch. Uh and obviously
we've been talking a lot about the
plenum and that comes out that readout
later on today as well.
>> Yep. Uh we're last day of the plenum and
we're looking at any sort of signals on
industrial policy percentage of
consumption that goes into uh the
Chinese economy because for now there's
really a lack of catalyst. At least for
one, when you look at Chinese equity
markets, we've been consolidating as you
can see some downside even across some
of the big momentum plays as Ivan is
pointing out. The other thing is
Shenzhen related shares coming up on
your screens. We'll talk more about this
three-year plan. More a longer term,
speaking of the the readout more, this
one is also more a longer term exercise,
but it is playing out across these
markets today. three-year plan to boost
market cap to boost M&A efficiency um
co-op closer ties between the Shenzhen
exchange and what we're uh doing here in
Hong Kong as far as the exchange is
concerned. Now apart from that right so
apart from a few bright spots the other
one being oil which we'll get to later
on apart from that most other things are
actually meandering below the zero line
u we have these little flare ups as far
as trade goes right the US and software
and China US oil and Russia and you know
all these other things are just clouding
the outlook
>> yeah I mean there's as you mentioned
right there's no reason to kind of
continue on buying the dip at least
today just given these these recent
flare ups right and I think the key
question when it comes to these new US
software curves is is this just pertain
to just US software exports or are we
talking about this sort of long armed
jurisdiction once again where it's
basically even foreign made goods with
US technology is going to be uh in the
limelight right or in the spotlight so
certainly that's going to be the key
question here but even the enforcement
side of things according to our
geopolitics team it says it's going to
be pretty tricky moving forward
>> yeah everything is on the table
>> everything
>> right ahead of ahead of next week
>> and it it really begs the question I
think it's also playing out. When you
look at the central bank decision that
was largely uneventful at the Bank of
Korea, they kept it unchanged. But when
you look at the statement, they're
flagging the risks to the domestic
economy. The external environment isn't
as as is is still as uncertain. Um, and
I think that one is actually coming out
this hour when you have the briefing
starting in about 20 minutes from now.
So, some of the analysts that have
reacted to just the statement itself
have said that this opens the door for a
cut in in in November for for the Bank
of Korea. And that really goes into
everything all this uncertainty that
we've been talking about here.
>> Yeah. And why Wall Street is still split
when it comes to these Chinese markets
and whether to buy the dip or not. Yeah.
Right. When we had Sufu from Goldman
saying look these flare ups in in
geopolitics is perfect when it comes to
buying on the dip. The default mindset
should be that they're calling for this
sort of slow bull market up until 2027.
But you have to like some Morgan Stang
saying look this flare up is indication
that trade is still very much a big
overhang in this market.
>> Yeah. Goldman Sachs doing the guns and
roses there. patience as they say. There
we go. Axel Row special from the early
90s, late ' 80s. Anyway, um that's
there's no segue from that to South
Korea's finance minister talking about
how trade talks with Washington are now
focusing on the structure of this $350
billion investment pledge rather than a
currency swap. We spoke exclusively uh
with Ku Yun Cho about the progress of
negotiations.
Bessant has understood that due to the
current state of Korea's foreign
exchange market, we cannot pay upfront.
He understands that. However, regarding
how to proceed on this with negotiations
currently underway with the US, I ask
for your understanding that I cannot yet
provide specific details on the plan.
Bank of Korea Governor Hanyong said that
the maximum amount that can be raised in
dollars annually without market
disruptions is $20 billion. Are we
looking at around those figures right
now?
>> Maximum?
>> Yes. The Bank of Korea currently
estimates that the maximum amount we can
raise without significantly impacting
the foreign exchange market is $20
billion.
>> What does that mean for upfront payments
though? Does that mean frontloading some
and then paying annually?
>> Regarding that aspect, we are keeping
various possibilities open for the
foreign exchange market and are
currently in negotiations with the
United States.
>> But that's one of the options that
you've talked to Secretary Bessant and
to Washington about.
>> I cannot confirm that at this time.
However, Secretary Bessant fully
understands the difficulties in Korea's
FX market and is having internal
discussions on how to respond to the
situation.
>> Because of the potential financial
shocks to South Korea, there was a lot
of talk about a potential currency swap
agreement. Is that still on the table?
Whether a currency swap is needed and to
what extent will depend entirely on how
the deal is structured. It may not be
necessary at all or it could be arranged
on a smaller scale. Therefore, the
currency swap itself is a necessary
condition, not a sufficient one. So,
depending on how this deal turns out, we
plan to consult with the US regarding
the currency swap aspect as well.
Even if we have a currency swap, it will
be difficult to just blindly provide
money to the US without considering the
commercial rationality or viability of
the project being selected.
>> I'm understanding then that this option
is still alive if that's the case when
it comes to perhaps the structure. Could
it be something similar as to the
Argentina style going through the
Treasury instead of directly from the
Fed?
Regarding the currency swap, we're not
doing it because we lack short-term
foreign reserves like Argentina. It's a
situation where Korea needs foreign
currency to make long-term investments
as requested by the US. So, the US must
provide the lacking foreign currency.
Therefore, it doesn't align with the
conventional short-term currency swap
structure. So regarding that aspect, if
we were to engage in a currency swap
arrangement with the US, there are
further points that require discussions.
>> That was a South Korean finance minister
Kuyon Cho there speaking with our very
own Sheran. And I was also checking oil
and really this kind of pop in prices
that we saw here extending that here
today. And some of these energy players
uh like the likes of Petrochina and Cyc
are continuing to head higher here this
morning. On the back of what we saw,
right, the US announcing sanctions on
Russia's largest oil producers in its
strongest effort yet to pressure
President Vladimir Putin to negotiate an
end to the war in Ukraine.
>> We canled the meeting with President
Putin. It just it didn't feel right to
me. It didn't feel like we were going to
get to the place we have to get. So, I
canceled it, but we'll do it in the
future.
>> Mr. President, can you tell us a little
bit about why you're elevating sanctions
against Russia right now? What's the
>> I just felt it was time. We've waited a
long time. I thought that we'd go long
before the Middle East and Mark, as you
know, we did the Middle East plus seven.
So, we did seven different wars.
>> Let's bring in our oil trading reporter,
Wrong Way Neo, um out of Singapore.
Yeah, let's talk let's talk about this.
So, what what does this mean for let's
well, let's do it a second degree here.
What does this mean for oil flows to the
Asia Pacific?
Bear in mind that Russia is a huge oil
producer and a large part of their
exports are actually flowing into Asia
to huge buyers like China and India.
Now, of course, the two entities that
were sanctioned, they effectively made
up nearly half of Russia's exports, and
it has uh spun a lot of concerns over
near-term supply risks, which uh it's
evident in the price spikes for both oil
benchmarks, WTI and Brent today.
>> Yeah, it came as a bit of a surprise,
right? This pop in oil prices at a time
when the market has been weighed down by
over supply risks and the like. So, what
are people saying about oil's broader
outlook now? All
right. So, um this also comes at a time
like you uh Ian like you rightfully
mentioned it comes at a time when oil
prices will be low and that's actually
the theory of at least one analyst I
spoke to uh that said that kind of
enabled um President Donald Trump to
effectively put on sanctions at this
time when the oil prices are low. So, uh
that the market is effectively not
boiled uh by this slight uptick in oil
prices. Now of course like I mentioned
earlier with India and China being major
uh importers of Russian oil uh that's
expected to divert flows. Uh let's take
the example of uh India for instance.
Right now India and US are in the midst
of uh talks and India has sort of agreed
um to uh wean off their Russian oil
purchases but with this latest
escalation from the US uh we can expect
India to more actively seek alternative
sources uh from producers like the
Middle East and that could create a
short-term demand spike for crude oil uh
especially here within the Asia region.
Now um the more uncertain thing will be
for China. China is also a major buyer
of Russian oil and uh the tricky thing
is uh that actually China and Russia has
an oil pipeline. So um details are
unclear. It's not even half a day since
the sanctions uh were announced and uh
traders are trying to desperately trying
to find out more details about how this
could affect near-term trades especially
for things like long-term deals for the
pipeline between Russia and China.
>> Fantastic. Wrongway Neo there, our oil
trading reporter out of Singapore for us
on the latest here really on this sudden
flare up. We woke up to this story uh
today. Markets are certainly uh reacting
to this. Right. Uh coming up here on the
China show, we're breaking down the
latest earnings coming out of Tesla with
Deep Waters Gene Monster and here why he
thinks it remains the best positioned
company for AI in the real world. This
is Bloomberg.
Our
goal, explicit goal is to have an over
supply of AI5 chips because if we we
have too many AI5 chips for the cars and
and and robots, we we can always put
them in the data center. So, we already
use AI4 for training in in our data
center. So, we use a combination of AI4
and uh NVIDIA hardware. We're not about
to replace Nvidia to be clear, but but
but we do use both in combination.
We're actually going to focus both TSMC
and Samsung initially on AI5. The AI5
chip design by Tesla is I I think it's
an amazing design. I don't hand out
praise easily, but I have to say that I
think I think the Tesla chip team is is
really designing an incredible chip
here. This is by some metrics the AI5
chip will be 40 times better than the
AI4 chip. Not 40%, 40 times.
Elon Mus there speaking during Tesla's
earnings call saying that both Samsung
and TSMC will work on the company's AI5
chip design and you are seeing both of
those stocks slightly to the downside
here for at Samsung but TSMC down about
1%. And we're also watching some of the
Tesla suppliers like CL where you're
seeing the eight shares down some 3% in
Hong Kong this morning.
>> Yeah, that's coming up on your screens.
There we go. Uh let's talk now. Oh,
wasn't it already up anyway? Okay, I
think I saw it twice. Well, that's just
me. Okay. Uh let's bring in Gene
Monster, co-founder and managing partner
at Deep Water Asset Management. Gan,
good morning, sir. Um so, what did you
think?
Well, I think that the big picture is
intact and the big picture is that Tesla
remains the best positioned company when
it comes to AI in the real world.
Sometimes referred to as physical AI.
All those pieces are in place. They've
got 41 billion in cash. That increased
40 400 million quarteron quarter. Uh
that compares to GM, Ford, each of them
with about 23 billion and they're
investing it aggressively into autonomy.
So that's at the the highest level. Of
course, the stock is down and and one
thing that is triggering that is when we
talk about these ambitious goals about
being the world's most progressive
company when it comes to AI in the real
world. When we talk about those goals,
they're far in the future, 26, 27, 28.
And any little tweaks in terms of the
timing of getting there can be amplified
in the near term. And that's what we're
seeing in after hours trading here. And
just uh David to shine a little bit of
brighter light on it specifically is
they talked about the timing of removing
the driver. As subtle as this sounds,
the driver in Austin uh they had uh some
rumors were expecting that driver to be
removed in the next couple months. Elon
said that they will begin to remove the
drivers. That means they'll still be in
Austin. Some of them will be removed by
the end of the year. And so I think that
the big picture is on track.
understandable why shares are trading
off because that little nuance around
the timing of removing those safety
drivers.
>> Yeah, it's interesting, right? The stock
trades almost like an AI stock as you
mentioned, Gan,
>> but it reports some say like a car
company, right? When you talk about
these EV tax credits are going to be
expiring and maybe you know it leads to
a lot of uncertainty. H how do you
counter that right when it seems like
near term and even in the intermediate
term we don't have that earnings growth
trajectory?
>> Well, I think there are two pieces here
and I've studied Tesla for the better
part of a decade and over the last
couple years. There's a disconnect
between how you normally think about
owning a stock and what's happened with
Tesla's valuation. And I personally own
the stock and I think that this company
is going to be a multi- many trillion
dollar company in the future. But that
is not based on kind of the substance
around the numbers. Just to at least the
near-term numbers just to put that in a
context is trust that trades at 13 times
revenue. Apple historically it's traded
kind of around where Apple is because
it's a hardware software type of revenue
and Apple's trading at uh about nine
times revenue next year's revenue. And
so Ivon to answer your question is how I
think about this is uh this is a really
unique case. This company is unique not
only in the fact that it is so ambitious
about building a future that no one else
is really aggressively pursuing. Whimo
to a smaller extent but I think that
this uh because it's so ambitious
investors need to almost disconnect
themselves with the realities of kind of
valuation and think about this uh in the
big picture and that big picture of
course is building towards things like
Elon talked about tonight 50 100 million
Optimus robots I mean these numbers are
I mean that's over a trillion dollars in
revenue he's talking about if you take
the low end of that the numbers are
pretty crazy and you have to start to
believe at least some of that's going to
become reality.
>> So, so G, what what then do we pay
attention to? Uh, when I say short-term
metrics, I mean what we can glean from
company's financials to be able to
realize those longerterm goals and what
what can we ignore?
>> Well, the things you should pay most
attention to is first, do they have the
resources to get there? I talked about
where the cash is. They got that.
>> If they were running low on cash, that
would be a problem. That's not the case.
It's the opposite. Some other like kind
of key critical metrics. It's not about
deliveries. It's about, for example, how
many FSD miles are driven. So, they
don't break these numbers down
specifically, but they give a chart and
you can kind of back into it. And in the
September quarter, there's about 1.1
billion miles driven as FSD. Now, that's
flat from where it was in the June
quarter, up from 700 million in the
March quarter. So, we've we saw a step
up in June and then a flattening. And to
answer your question, like we'll start
to see those metrics starting to
accelerate. That means that consumer
adoption is is starting to value and the
subscription revenue is starting to take
off. I do expect that that allimportant
metric around how many uh full
self-driving miles are driven to step up
to be much bigger than 1.1 billion in
the December quarter because of the
surge in deliveries that they had. They
came with one free month of subscription
for FSD. So you should see an
improvement. But those are like a couple
examples. And then it gets to those
little things like we're talked about
today. When do they remove the drivers?
We have to again you you have a point on
a chart well out into the right and you
have to figure out uh how do you get to
that point and you need to start making
progress today.
>> How do you see that competition evolving
in the robo taxi space? I mean some
analysts say you know robo taxis are
still years away that technology from
the likes of Whimo uh Amazon and the
like. I mean, do you see that it has the
capabilities of really taking market
share from the likes of Uber and Lift,
for example?
>> I mean, the reality is is Uber and Lyft
are in a long-term very difficult
position. I think that uh and and a very
realistic maybe in a quiet moment they
would uh agree to that or or tell how
they actually feel. And so, think of
those companies as needing to partner.
And the other reality is is this is that
if you look at and I think this is the
most one of the most promising parts
around the whole autonomy question the
the competition question and just the
broader question about how you get there
is the way you monetize autonomy is
through electrification and when I think
about the competition piece it's not
just about whimo and Uber andyft Uber
andyft are in a difficult place but it's
also about traditional car companies
slowing their investment in
electrification and essentially they are
making bet that it's going to take a
long time to get to autonomy and uh if
in fact there is this breakout moment um
Elon referred it to this as this rocket
ship moment that's going to happen in
autonomy it really will cause uh the
competition all the ones we talked about
here to be uh flatfooted and be I think
in a very difficult place and so uh at
the most basic level uh Tesla really
doesn't have any competition beyond
Whimo and there's just a very simple
question that I think investors should
ask themselves, do you believe that
autonomy is a better way to get around?
And if the answer is yes, then you
probably should invest in Tesla
>> and the I just want to get to the the
pay question and this one trillion
package and
>> it it brings up many things, Gene. You
know, the Apple example is Steve Jobs,
keyman risk, we have Tim Cook, now
Apple's doing okay. All of these plants
that Tesla has, is clearly Elon Musk is
going to be contingent a key part of
that. Is he worth a trillion? Is he
worth a trillion dollar? Is that a small
price to pay for these big goals
effectively?
>> Well, I mean, it's funny you say that
was the last topic that came up as they
were closing the remarks that end up
being probably the most colorful part of
the call is his commentary around this
vote coming up here. And so, it's
important to him is my point. I mean, he
cares about how this plays out and the
the trillion dollar that the comp
package, it's a big number, but remember
it's in tanches. There's eight different
tanches to get there. He has to do a
lot. And uh he may end up getting there.
And if he does get there, you're looking
at a, you know, valuation well above $5
trillion for the company. So, in the
context, I think it it would be worth
it. And uh at the end of the day is
that, you know, Elon uh is
controversial, but he's also a winner.
And I think that uh Tesla investors will
ultimately agree on that and agree on
that pay package.
>> Gunster, it's great to have you again.
Co-founder and managing partner at Deep
Water Asset Management joining us out of
Minneapolis here this evening. You're
checking PopMart shares and we continue
to see uh this decline here about 10%.
In fact, that that is the biggest drop
we've seen since April. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Okay. All right. This was supposed to be
largely uneventful. It still largely is,
but we're getting more lines that
perhaps makes the makes the plot more
interesting and compelling as we go into
the last meeting of the year, which is
in about a month or so. So, it looks
like this one was not unanimous.
Certainly, the door now seems to be
open. Um, but as you can see, a third of
the members do see uh a hold as perhaps
the base case over the next 3 months or
so. But four out of the six were open to
a rate cut in the next 3 months. So as
you say, leaving the door open and maybe
this is a board that is a little bit
more leaning towards the doubbish side
given the concerns that they keep
flagging about the household sector,
right? And what we're seeing in terms of
real estate and certainly that's going
to be a key thing on why they might have
to cut one more time before the end of
the year. So that certainly is what why
the market I guess in some ways is
leaning a little bit more doubbish right
in terms of their reaction in the wand.
We continue to see that weakness there.
And yes, stocks are almost catching a
bid here and really buying on this dip.
We've completely erased all the gains
now and we're slightly up in the Cosby.
>> Yeah, the doves are slightly out. We'll
let them out. Uh Governor Re and all the
comments coming through here. And what's
interesting too is they've actually kept
some of the macro forecasts, most of the
macro forecasts changed, right? 2025
2026 GDP in line with what they were
thinking a few months ago. Inflation
will stay near 2%. So it seems like the
openness of most uh of most in a
monetary board seem to suggest little to
do really with macro numbers themselves
but some of the sort of granular numbers
like household debt and maybe the
uncertainty that weighs really outside
and as it pertains I guess and how that
goes back into into growth. Uh Korean
Juan is now on the weaker side of
things. Certainly feeling that doubish
pivot. Also as Ivon is pointing out uh
the equity market is also coming off its
lows of the day now trading slightly
positive in this whole session today.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
>> Right. Welcome back. We'll take you
straight back to Soul right now. The
ongoing briefing out of the Bank of
Korea and yes, they are not done cutting
interest rates, Governor Re talking
about how they are keeping the easing
cycle, but they're just adjusting but
cutting the scale and also adjusting the
timing of any any future cuts.
>> Yeah. So, if you're wondering if that,
you know, pause that we've seen since
July is indicating that they might be
done. I think today you're just hearing
from the governor saying, "Yeah, we are
not quite there yet here." So they're
still not sure if a cut is possible or
is it too early to say right now in
terms of November, but we already are
seeing some economists say that could be
the next sort of meeting to look ahead
to. Uh but yes, they mentioned here
housing risks exist, but they mentioned
low growth is a bigger issue.
>> Yeah. Yeah. There there we go. So one
more meeting for the year and it does
seem that's going to be a live one based
on the commentary that's come And if you
think about how how strong strongly
worded his statements are, just keep in
mind the context that he is of course
answering direct questions from from
reporters. So that I guess just adds to
just underscores the context of why the
comments that have come through seem to
be a bit more pointed than the actual
statement about analysis.
>> Also talking about the stock market
right now, Korean stocks no not
overvalued by global standards. So
certainly they're talking you know given
the records that we've been seeing in
this market. He's saying look uh it is
justified at this point. Uh we're
focusing on trade and all that here as
well. We're watching some of these
software stocks in particular in the
mainland here after what we heard from
the White House. Right. An official has
confirmed the Trump administration is
weighing curbs on critical software
sales to China. But Bloomer Economics
thinks these measures might be tricky to
execute. Let's bring in Adam Farrar.
He's our senior Asia-Pacific
geoeconomics analyst and joins us from
Seoul. this morning. So obviously it
seems like it raises the temperature
once again on where we are uh when it
comes to the US China trade tensions. Um
the execution side you say might be
tricky. Tell us why.
>> So to start with I think we need to put
this in the context of the posturing
we're seeing on both sides in the leadup
to Secretary Besson's meeting this
coming weekend with his Chinese
counterpart and then the potential
meeting between President Trump and
President Xi in South Korea towards the
end of next week. But when we look at
these specific new claimed export
controls on software, there are lots of
questions that we're left with. Uh, you
know, the first really is, is this, you
know, theoretically, uh, an issue that's
being put on the table just as
negotiating leverage or something the
United States is looking to push forward
on? If they do actually seek to
implement this, there are big questions
as we wrote earlier on whether that
could actually be done in any near term
given both the size of the US market and
influence on global uh the global
software industry and then more
importantly the limitations at the
commerce department responsible for
enforcing these new regulations uh both
in terms of their size and the the large
losses in personnel that they've
suffered under the Trump administration.
raising real questions on whether even
if these went into place how they would
be implemented.
>> Okay. So, Adam, it seems I mean we've
been talking about how everything is
really going to be on the table uh next
week among the many things that are now,
let's call them live items. What do you
think are the top three things we should
be paying attention to between she and
Trump?
So, I mean, clearly the president has
come out and laid out what he sees as
the biggest uh issues to address and
President Trump has has put semi uh
excuse me, export controls on rare
earths and uh and critical minerals and
soybean purchases, aggro broader
agricultural purchases from China, which
have cratered this year and usually
account for over 12 billion dollars of
market share for US farmers and have
really hurt uh farmers in the United
States. So, for him, I think that's
that's the priorities. Uh on the China
side, I think we're really looking at
this question of how to bring down the
tariff and how to ensure that the United
States doesn't expand its export
controls on critical semiconductors and
potentially backs off of some of the
controls that are already in place. But
our our base case currently given the
limited time left is that we're really
looking at yet another extension of the
tariff truce with you know some comments
on other actions potentially but not a
lot of time to get a bunch of things
done here and announce specifics in just
under a week and a half.
>> Adam, excuse me. Fantastic. Thank you so
much. Our Bloomberg economics senior
geioeconomics analyst for the Asia
Pacific. It's nothing you said. It's
just something in uh in my my my throat.
Okay. joining us out of out of Soul. All
right. Uh continuing our coverage from
Soul. Let's take it straight back to
Shanghai now at uh our coverage of
course at the Bod Summit beginning today
in Shanghai and get it back there to
Stephen Angel, our man of the ground.
Steve.
>> Hey Dave. Yeah, we're continuing our
coverage here at the Bun Summit on the
Pushi side of the Hong Fu River, of
course, at the Bun Summit. And our next
guest is Monica Defend. uh she is
Amundy's investment institute head and
chief strategist. Thanks for joining us.
>> Thank you for inviting me.
>> Of course the crowds are coming by
getting noisy just as we're starting the
interview. So
>> Mark is slow.
>> Right. So unlike this there seems to be
a bit of a momentum unwind in markets
right now. How do you read this as a
temporary dip and the opportunities to
buy or is this
you know sending warning signals uh to
the global investor? No, I think we
really need to distinguish the
short-term dynamics with the medium-term
perspective. So on a short term I think
really uh this is short uh and getting
along with the noise we are seeing on
the tariffs on the uh situation uh
between the United States and China
talks uh going on more medium term then
there are risks related to uh the
sustainability inflation fears concerns
on the independence of the central banks
but for now it's just a profit taking
moment I would See?
>> Yeah. What's interesting I found at a
time when of course the US equity rally
is a little bit wobbly, the proportion
of companies beating earnings
expectations this quarter is the highest
since 2021. So there's this contrasting
signals.
>> It's continued to surprise on the upside
the earnings reporting season, right?
And analysts have been revising upward
progressively quarter by quarter uh
their expectation. My point is then well
we have seen on the tech sector right
this AI uh rally the important thing is
how it will spread to the other sectors.
So we really need productivity to
increase and for this to materialize we
need a spillover from tech into the
other sectors.
>> Yeah well that's a good point because
you know while the market might take a
breather many of them are taking that
breather away from the more speculative
names including the AI speculative
names. Would you agree?
>> Yeah. Yes. Uh I I agree and actually uh
probably looking at industry level
beyond uh sectors communication services
so might be a better way to diversify uh
the the portfolio. I really think that
going into the remainder of the year the
real key word is diversifying your risk
on the portfolio.
>> That's right. Uh let's talk about a
little bit about the China US
relationship. Uh because of course we've
had six months of tariffs right now. Uh
first of all, what direct impact would
you say that that has had on the US
economy as it relates to stocks because
inflation hasn't really spiked up yet,
right? Uh and then there's the a lot of
hopes are being pinned on this potential
meeting between she and Trump which I
believe you don't think is necessarily a
market moving uh event. Well, you know,
on the tariff, I would say it remains
fluid uh given the way uh the subject is
is approached. Uh what uh we saw is
really on rare art uh the stance of
Chinese of China say look we have
something uh to bargain which is not
necessarily the position of of every uh
region or or country. So uh there will
be uh on there they will be on the on
the same level at a time where we see
exceptionalism on the US on the tax
sector directly complement by
exceptionalisma
in in China on the tax sector as well on
tariffs I think that we've been
surprised by the limited effect that we
have seen so far probably the weakness
of the US dollar in particular the
beginning of the year has been helping
along with the liquidity that this this
has created and still you see how
markets and geopolitics geoeconomics are
intertwined. Uh I I would say
>> what's your outlook then for some Asian
equities in particular in China. There's
always the spectre of the national team
coming in and propping up stocks. In
fact, I think it was Goldman who
recently just upped its forecast for
Chinese stocks by 30% uh through 2027.
There could be policy support. What are
you looking for out here? Well, in
general, Asia is a way a nice way to
diversify your portfolio, not only in
the short term, but in the medium-term
as well because of the nicer demographic
and growth perspective. When it goes to
China, we just revised up uh our GDP uh
expectations uh for this year and next
year. We think they are well on track
this year uh on the 5% target. uh sector
wise probably is on batteries the it's
really transformative right uh the the
technologic uh the technological sector
uh in in China and this is where uh we
are looking at uh maybe on electrical
vehicles uh with the anti-involution we
might uh be more uh more cautious but
probably there has been a shift in the
policy stance which is adequate from
allin to just enough and they are really
measuring the way to transform the
economy into a more consumption uh
driven uh economy and when I look at the
AI effort what to me is very strategic
is what they're doing AI is for the
people is how for increasing the wealth
uh of the nation which is strategically
quite smart I would say
>> before we wrap up do you have a hot take
on gold I mean we're talking record
highs What a blistering rally we've
seen. Uh central banks have been buying
it up. PBC here in China 11 consecutive
months through September of buying and
accumulating gold. Uh obviously it's a
hedge against the volatility that we've
seen.
>> It's it's come off boil,
>> but has it seen its peak for the year?
>> Well, there are plenty of reason to see
uh gold prices to to move higher, the
one that you were uh listing. So that we
might see in 3 years a target around
5,000. What is different nowadays that
retails investors start entering uh the
gold trading and this is creating this
kind of swings uh on the on the prices
that we have been seeing in the in the
recent days.
>> Monica, great to talk to you. Could go
another five minutes. Uh we're out of
time. Thanks so much. We're going to
send it back to Ivonne. Uh, and more of
course is still coming from the Buns
Summit here in Shanghai on day one.
>> Yeah, I look forward to it, Steve. And
our thanks of course to Amundi for that
great interview. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Chinese firms, including the likes
of Huawei and Alibaba, are courting
Africa startups and innovation hubs with
open-source AI models. You have Huawei,
for example, promoting Deep Seek as a
cheaper um alternative to Western AI
models like Open AI. For more on today's
Bloomberg uh big take, let's bring in
our Asia AI reporter Sertha Ride joining
us um out of India. So Sita the thesis
here is certainly that's the the blue
ocean as they say. Why has Africa
emerged as a battleground uh for for for
this technology?
>> Uh David, you're absolutely right. AI is
the world's most in demand technology,
but much of Africa is really uncharted
territory for AI models and tools from
anywhere, whether it's the West or
whether it's the the Chinese AI models.
So, OpenAI, Google, you know, the likes
of Deepseek are all uh wanting to enter
the market because Africa's digital
market is now digital economy is now
currently valued at $180 billion but
projected really to grow
very fast to over 700 billion by 2050.
Um, you know, the continent has over 1.5
billion people and it's a region with a
very healthy population growth which is
strategic for a lot of these companies
whether in terms of new customers, soft
power and the vast troves of human
generated data that actually will shape
the future of AI.
>> Yeah, there's certainly the potential
there Serita which is quite interesting.
what what's been China's approach in AI
>> for the continent specifically? What's
the pitch that they're making?
So while a lot of the western AI
companies have focused on the more
lucrative
uh you know uh economies or businesses
Africa uh is uh you know being targeted
by a different approach by Chinese AI
models uh
outside of South Africa actually uh
users don't have access to computing
resources uh which are really expensive
and uh you know scarce in most parts of
Africa. Making AI less power hungry,
less uh compute efficient is really a
goal for uh African users and that is
where the Chinese uh uh AI model
builders come in. Um
also the proprietary uh closed source
approach of uh western AI model builders
is not something that Africa favors.
African users want uh flexible uh
lenient license uh licensing uh terms
and cheaper costs. So uh companies like
Huawei and Alibaba are quoting Africa
startups with open source models and
cheaper um payment uh tiers. So that's
where uh you know uh the Chinese and US
uh uh AI model approaches are very very
different.
Serita, thank you. Serita Ray there
joining us from Bengaloo. Uh let's
switch on and focus a little bit more uh
when it comes to Taiwan. Now sources are
saying that officials there are courting
podcasters and influencers align with
President Trump. Now that's amid
concerns the US leader could undermine
the island's interest in talks with
China. Let's bring our economy and
government reporter Yan Lee. He joins us
now from Taipei. Yan, it's a great
piece. tell us a bit more about the
strategy from Taiwan and what they're
trying to achieve here.
>> Yeah, thank you so much for having me.
Yeah, so we are seeing this very
interesting trend that uh Taiwan is
increasing its engagement with so-called
magafers or influences in the US. And so
the broader background is that ever
since Trump won the presidential
election last year um you know officials
in Taipei have been increasingly anxious
about Trump's transactional approach and
whether Trump could you know undermine
or sacrifice Taipe's interest in order
to engage with Beijing. So this is you
know the latest you know interesting
trend is part of their efforts to like
trying to engage and trying to elevate
Taiwan on Trump's agenda and especially
at a time when you know Trump and
administration has been busy working on
reaching the trade deal with Beijing and
also the upcoming meeting between Trump
and she
>> yeah if you could talk to us more about
the who who are these influencers and
podcasters that Taiwan has has been
engaging with.
>> Yes. So actually Taiwan president Linder
did an uh interview with podcaster uh uh
Bakeston uh earlier this month and also
uh vice president Shiain did a similar
thing with uh Shan Ryan back in June and
also Taiwan's de facto ambassador to the
US um also you know did interview with
Steve Mannon and he also openly dined or
met with the uh with with with Sha Ryan
uh earlier this week. So all these are
the examples that we have been seeing
and also the US officials has you know
stated that they encouraged Taiwan to uh
engage more with new media outlets to
communicate with real American instead
of just uh you know liberal elites.
>> Yen, thank you so much. Our Bloomberg
economy and government reporter Yen Lee
there in in Taipei for us. If you're a
Bloomberg subscriber, you can rewatch
that specific conversation we just had
there. Whether that's uh on the Taiwan
story or China's uh charm offensive on
AI as far as Africa is concerned, you
can scroll back. TV go is a function
that you run uh to take you through the
programming today, all the interviews
you might have missed. So check it out
on your Bloomberg terminals at TV go.
[Music]
Well, Chinese tea chain Chagi says it
will stick with it strategy of premium
products at higher prices, largely
staying out of the price wars across
China's consumption space. The
co-founder of Shang Xia Min spoke
exclusively with us about that decision
and the company's global growth
ambitions.
In the previous two years, our business
expansion focus was the Chinese market.
This year and next year, we will have
more business expansion in overseas
markets, especially in the second half
of this year and the first half of the
next year. Southeast Asia will become an
important focus for our market
expansion.
>> So, you have opened two stores in the US
so far. How has sales been like and what
is your expansion plan in the US?
We've seen strong performance from the
newly opened stores in Los Angeles. On
the opening day, our sales has exceeded
5,000 cups, which is an outstanding
performance for us. The American
consumer indeed has the strongest
purchasing power in the world, and the
US market is one of the most valuable
markets for us. There is no doubt as to
how much we value it. The US market has
been playing a leading role in global
consumption trend. Has the US China
trade war had an impact on your
business, especially in the US?
>> When we talk about political geography,
we don't think it's particularly
relevant for our consumer companies.
From the point of view of making a
product, we think that having a good
taste, a good smell, and good look, also
even the good experience in our stores.
These are the things that our consumers
mostly cared about. To us, there is no
impact on us.
>> This summer, we had seen a very intense
price war. How big of an impact does
that have on your business?
>> We did not fully participate in the
price war. It has some impact on us, but
we believe this is only temporary and we
hope this is a continual process of
value building. Domestic sales this year
has been better than the same period of
time last year, but overseas sales has
seen bigger growth. There has been talk
about how Chaji is looking to become the
the Starbucks of the east. What lessons
are you learning from Starbucks and what
challenges do you face in trying to be
this very uh unique and ubiquitous brand
in China and across the globe?
>> Starbucks is a great company which has
always been a role model for us. I think
Starbucks through decades of development
has been able to bring coffee to the
world. We also hope that like how coffee
culture develops, we would like to take
tea culture to go further.
>> This has always been our goal and idea.
>> Chagi, co-founder of Shang Xan Min
there, speaking exclusively with our
Mimlow in Shanghai. Yeah, you talk about
emotional consumption and certainly
bubble tea or tea is certainly one thing
and then you talk about PopMart. That
certainly is one story here and there
you go. We're off some of the lows, but
we're still talking about one of the
biggest drops since April on that stock.
I think morning start had a pretty
interesting note right the earnings were
strong or at least the sales numbers
that we saw this week but you know are
we seeing maybe the peak when it comes
to those numbers in 2025 2026 might be a
different story
>> it's hard to replicate uh over the
coming orders uh I think the common
coming through other morning star and
this is really part of the the whole if
if you doubt if you have any doubts sell
sell the big winner sell momentum
>> this has really been one of the big
momentum plays 30% down now in fact from
the peak back in August 28 uh on the
stock price All right. Um, let's have a
look to at another day, another listing.
This one we now understand based on
sources that companies now planning to
start taking orders for an IPO or
listing here in Hong Kong. Next week,
Shanghai shares are up about 1% and uh
the other one is Sands China on the back
of I think reporting coming through out
of Las Vegas Sands overnight. We're up
3% as far as this is concerned. So
certainly the beat there is translating
to certainly the outlook here as far as
the casino space is concerned.
>> Yeah. So that certainly is a bright spot
here across these markets today. But
yeah, that is it for us here in the
China show. Insight with Helinda Amen is
next.
[Music]